# Sustainable Governance Indicators 2022

Metadata | Value
--- | ---
Name | Sustainable Governance Indicators 2022
Publication date | 2022-09-15
Reference date | 2022
Publisher | Bertelsmann Stiftung
Publisher URL | https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/
Publication site | http://www.sgi-network.org/
Publication page | https://www.sgi-network.org/2022/Publications
Source file | `SGI2022_Scores.xlsx`
Source URL | https://www.sgi-network.org/docs/2022/basics/SGI2022_Scores.xlsx
Source format | Excel (.xlsx)
Other files | `SGI2022_Codebook.pdf`, `SGI2018_Methodological Review_Missing Values.pdf`
Copyright/licence | https://www.sgi-network.org/2022/Legal_Notice
Processing script | `SGI_2023.R`

## About the data

The Sustainable Governance Indicators (SGI) covers 41 countries that are
OECD/EU member countries.

The data are assessments made by experts for each country, one local
(i.e. resident) and one foreign (i.e. non-resident), and rate questions using a
standardised scale from 1 to 10. For each question the
10-point scale is structured into four levels with each level having a
qualitative description. The expert assessments are also subject to
calibrations by the project team to main comparability and viability.

### Copyright and licensing

The Sustainable Governance Indicators data is subject to a proprietary license,
you can download the Index yourself and re-use privatley in your own work.
We are grateful to the Bertelsmann Stiftung for their permission to re-use the
work, but under conditions of the license we do not store the original source
materials in this repository. Please visit https://www.sgi-network.org to view
the data in full and obtain the source files.

## Extracted variables

27 variables are extracted.

### Variable definition

Variable | Description
--- | ---
sgi_domestic_adaptation | To what extent does the government respond to international and supranational developments by adapting domestic government structures?
sgi_institutional_reform | To what extent does the government improve its strategic capacity by changing the institutional arrangements of governing?
sgi_self_monitoring | To what extent do actors within the government monitor whether institutional arrangements of governing are appropriate?
sgi_strategic_planning | How much influence do strategic planning units and bodies have on government decision-making?
sgi_international_collaboration | To what extent is the government able to collaborate effectively with international efforts to foster global public goods?
sgi_informal_coordination | How effectively do informal coordination mechanisms complement formal mechanisms of inter-ministerial coordination?
sgi_line_ministries | To what extent do line ministries involve the government office/prime minister's office in the preparation of policy proposals?
sgi_official_coordination | How effectively do ministry officials/civil servants coordinate policy proposals?
sgi_civic_consultation | Does the government consult with societal actors in a fair and pluralistic manner?
sgi_coherent_comms | To what extent does the government achieve coherent communication?
sgi_access_gov_info | To what extent can citizens obtain official information
sgi_cabinet_committees | How effectively do ministerial or cabinet committees coordinate cabinet proposals?
sgi_digital_coordination | How extensively and effectively used are digital technologies used to support inter-ministerial coordination (in policy development and monitoring)?
sgi_evidence_based | To what extent do government ministries evaluate the effectiveness and/or efficiency of public policy and use results of evaluations for the revision of existing policy or development of new policies?
sgi_go_expertise | Does the government office/prime minister's office have the expertise to evaluate ministerial draft bills according to the government's priorities?
sgi_expert_advice | Does the government regularly take into account advice from non-governmental experts during decision-making?
sgi_ria_application | To what extent does the government assess the potential impacts of existing and prepared legal acts (regulatory impact assessments, RIA)?
sgi_ria_quality | Does the RIA process ensure participation, transparency and quality evaluation?
sgi_ria_sustainability | Does the government conduct effective sustainability checks within the framework of RIA?
sgi_regulatory_enforcement | To what extent is government enforcing regulations in an effective and unbiased way, also against vested interests?
sgi_achieve_objectives | To what extent can the government achieve its own policy objectives?
sgi_implement_policy | To what extent does the organization of government provide mechanisms to ensure that ministers implement the government's program?
sgi_monitor_agencies | How effectively do federal and subnational ministries monitor the activities of bureaucracies/executive agencies with regard to implementation?
sgi_monitor_ministries | How effectively does the government office/prime minister's office monitor line ministry activities with regard to implementation?
sgi_subnational_discretion | To what extent does central government ensure that subnational self-governments may use their constitutional scope of discretion with regard to implementation?
sgi_subnational_funding | To what extent does the central government ensure that tasks delegated to subnational self-governments are adequately funded?
sgi_subnational_standards | To what extent does central government ensure that subnational self-government realize national standards of public services?

### Variable summary statistics

Variable | Countries | Year min | Year max | Value min | Value max
--- | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---:
sgi_domestic_adaptation | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_institutional_reform | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9
sgi_self_monitoring | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_strategic_planning | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 9
sgi_international_collaboration | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 9
sgi_informal_coordination | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_line_ministries | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_official_coordination | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 4 | 10
sgi_civic_consultation | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 10
sgi_coherent_comms | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 9
sgi_access_gov_info | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_cabinet_committees | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 1 | 10
sgi_digital_coordination | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_evidence_based | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 10
sgi_go_expertise | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9
sgi_expert_advice | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9
sgi_ria_application | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_ria_quality | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9
sgi_ria_sustainability | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 1 | 9
sgi_regulatory_enforcement | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9
sgi_achieve_objectives | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 4 | 9
sgi_implement_policy | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 4 | 10
sgi_monitor_agencies | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 3 | 10
sgi_monitor_ministries | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 4 | 10
sgi_subnational_discretion | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 1 | 10
sgi_subnational_funding | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9
sgi_subnational_standards | 41 | 2022 | 2022 | 2 | 9

## Processing notes

Source notes | Multi-sheet spreadsheet, data contained in `SGI 2022 Scores` sheet