# Bertelsmann Transformation Index 2024

Metadata | Value
--- | ---
Name | Bertelsmann Transformation Index 2024
Publication date | 2024-03-19
Reference date | 2021-2023
Publisher | Bertelsmann Stiftung
Publisher URL | https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de
Publication site | https://bti-project.org
Publication page | https://bti-project.org/en/methodology
Source file | `BTI_2024_Scores.xlsx`
Source URL | https://bti-project.org/fileadmin/api/content/en/downloads/data/BTI_2024_Scores.xlsx
Source format | Excel (`.xlsx`)
Other files | `BTI2024_Codebook.pdf`, `BTI_2006-2024_Scores.xlsx`
Copyright/licence | Proprietary material (see notes)
Processing script | `BTI_2024.R`

## About the data

The Bertelsmann Transformation Index (BTI) covers 137 countries
"in transition", with 49 questions relating to the "development of a
constitutional democracy and a socially responsible market economy".

The data are assessments made by experts for each country, one local
(i.e. resident) and one foreign (i.e. non-resident), and rate each of the 49
questions using a standardised scale from 1 to 10. For each question the
10-point scale is structured into four levels with each level having a
qualitative description. The expert assessments are also subject to
calibrations by the project team to main comparability and viability.

### Copyright and licensing

The Bertelsmann Transformation Index data is subject to a proprietary license,
you can download the Index yourself and re-use privatley in your own work.
We are grateful to the Bertelsmann Stiftung for their permission to re-use the
work, but under conditions of the license we do not store the original source
materials in this repository. Please visit http://bti-project.org to view the
data in full and obtain the source files.

### Coverage

The 2024 edition of the Bertelsmann Transformation Index covers 137 countries/
economies. It excludes countries that were OECD members prior to 1990.

The BTI defines its country coverage as follows:
 > _Because the BTI focuses in its analysis on transformation toward democracy 
 > under the rule of law and a market economy anchored in principles of social
 > justice, it excludes countries that might be considered long-consolidated
 > democratic systems and in which economic development can be regarded as
 > well-advanced. In the absence of a clearly defined “threshold of
 > consolidation,” the Transformation Index therefore excludes all countries
 > that were members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
 > Development (OECD) by the year 1989. This is not to suggest that these
 > countries have achieved a static end-state. Rather, it reflects the
 > observation that the reform agenda and the political priorities in a
 > consolidated democracy with a highly developed market economy diﬀer
 > markedly from those that emerge during transformation._
 >
 > _Small states with fewer than 1 million residents are also not examined in
 > the BTI. Exceptions to this rule have been made, however, to allow for the
 > inclusion of particularly interesting examples of development and
 > transformation: Bhutan, Djibouti and Montenegro._
 >
 > BTI Methodology (https://bti-project.org/en/methodology#Country%20selection)

## Extracted variables

8 variables are extracted from the Bertelsmann Transformation Index

### Variable definition

Variable | Description
--- | ---
bti_govt_set_priorities | To what extent does the government set and maintain strategic priorities?
bti_resource_efficiency | To what extent does the government make efficient use of available human, financial and organizational resources?
bti_public_consultation | To what extent does the political leadership consult civil society actors in their plurality in policymaking?
bti_contain_corruption | To what extent does the government successfully contain corruption?
bti_abuse_prosecuted | To what extent are public officeholders who abuse their positions prosecuted or penalized?
bti_innovative_flexible | How innovative and flexible is the government?
bti_policy_coordination | To what extent can the government coordinate conflicting objectives into a coherent policy?
bti_implement_policies | How effective is the government in implementing its own policies?

### Variable summary statistics

Variable | Countries | Year min | Year max | Value min | Value max
--- | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---:
bti_govt_set_priorities | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10
bti_resource_efficiency | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10
bti_public_consultation | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 9
bti_contain_corruption | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10
bti_abuse_prosecuted | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10
bti_innovative_flexible | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10
bti_policy_coordination | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10
bti_implement_policies | 137 | 2023 | 2023 | 1 | 10

## Processing notes

Country names need to first be passed through a unicode normalisation
(`stringi::stri_trans_nfc()` is used) before coercion to country codes
due to how diacritic marks are used in the country names.
