# Varieties of Democracy Dataset

Metadata | Value
--- | ---
Name | Varieties of Democracy Dataset v14
Publication date | 
Reference date | 
Publisher | V-Dem Institute, University of Gothenburg
Publisher URL | https://www.gu.se/en/research/varieties-of-democracy-v-dem
Publication site | https://v-dem.net
Publication page | https://v-dem.net/data/the-v-dem-dataset/
Source file | `V-Dem-CY-Full+Others-v14.rds`
Source URL | https://v-dem.net/data/the-v-dem-dataset/country-year-v-dem-fullothers-v14/
Source format | RDS (.rds)
Other files | `v-dem_codebook_v14.pdf`, `v-dem_countryunit_v14.pdf`, `v-dem_methodology_v14.pdf`
Copyright/licence | Academic reuse
Processing script | `VDEM_2023.R`

## About the data

The Varieties of Democracy dataset provides comprehensive measurement of many
aspects of public governance for countries across the world. While much of the
data focuses on matters relating to democracy and freedom, it includes some
measures related to public administration including measures relating to
public integrity and the openness of state jobs to people from a range of
backgrounds.

## Extracted variables

9 variables are extracted

### Variable definition

Variable | Description
--- | ---
vdem_favours | How routinely do public sector employees grant favors in exchange for bribes, kickbacks, or other material inducements?
vdem_theft | How often do public sector employees steal, embezzle, or misappropriate public funds or other state resources for personal or family use?
vdem_impartial | Are public officials rigorous and impartial in the performance of their duties?
vdem_jobs_econ | Are state jobs equally open to qualified individuals regardless of socio-economic position?
vdem_jobs_gender | Are state jobs equally open to qualified individuals regardless of gender?
vdem_jobs_location | Are state jobs equally open to qualified individuals regardless of their rural or urban location?
vdem_jobs_political | Are state jobs equally open to qualified individuals regardless of their association with a political group?
vdem_jobs_social | Are state jobs equally open to qualified individuals regardless of social group?
vdem_neoptism | To what extent are appointment decisions in the state administration based on personal and political connections, as opposed to skills and merit?

### Variable summary statistics

Variable | Countries | Year min | Year max | Value min | Value max
--- | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---:
vdem_favours | 179 | 2023 | 2023 | -3.197 | 3.205
vdem_theft | 179 | 2023 | 2023 | -3.193 | 3.643
vdem_impartial | 179 | 2023 | 2023 | -3.254 | 4.006
vdem_jobs_econ | 176 | 2023 | 2023 | -1.973 | 3.459
vdem_jobs_gender | 176 | 2023 | 2023 | -2.068 | 3.757
vdem_jobs_location | 176 | 2023 | 2023 | -2.861 | 2.445
vdem_jobs_political | 176 | 2023 | 2023 | -2.555 | 3.695
vdem_jobs_social | 176 | 2023 | 2023 | -2.415 | 3.290
vdem_neoptism | 179 | 2023 | 2023 | -2.061 | 3.186

